XT Coding Assignment

Context: Hacker News is a community started by Paul Graham for sharing "Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups. If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be: anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity."  link: https://news.ycombinator.com/

Problem statement
Create a hacker news clone using React with Server Side Rendering and hydration..

Scope: “Front Page” feed with line chart.

Functionalities
1.	Desktop design is provided below. Make it responsive for tablet and mobile. Apply your thoughts on what’d be the best user experience for the respective devices
2.	Upvote (maintain upvotes using in-browser storage APIs – no service integration, but keep the functionality such that it can be replaced with an service with minimal code change). You can add as many upvotes as you wish.
3.	Hide functionality to remove the news from user’s view.
4.	Prev | Next link should get the relevant data and all paginated URL's should be bookmarkable.
5.	Plot the timeline with the News ID as the x axis and votes on the Y axis. This will match the data in the details table above it. 
6.	The timeline chart should update real time as and when the upvote is clicked.
7.	ALL MODIFIED DATA like hide and Upvotes – should be persisted and should not reset on browser refresh.
-	Avoid using frameworks like NextJs for SSR & build your server side rendering setup on top of Create React App only
-	Elaborate your approach and stack details in the Readme file.

The Ask
1.	Match the design for desktop using the screenshot provided. Make it responsive.
2.	Write a couple of Unit tests for us.
3.	API service details provided below - use the same for fetch/pagination etc.
4.	Follow all the instructions for assignment completion below
5.	Incorporate all performance best practices and demonstrate a high Lighthouse score for
6.	Performance, SEO and Accessibility (bonus points if PWA scores are also high)

Submission
1.	Create a git hub project within your account & push commits for each milestone of your work.
2.	Setup a CI pipeline with a CI tool of your choice Circle CI, Travis, Jenkins etc
3.	Deploy your app to Heroku or a hosting provider of your choice.
4.	API service: https://hn.algolia.com/api
4.1.	All use cases can be handled by this API. Go through API doc thoroughly.
5.	Send us the link to the deployed URL of the app and the Github Repo

UI design is present in the parent folder. filename: news_feed.jpg
